Template: linotp/apache/activate
Type: boolean
Default: true
_Description: Do you want to run LinOTP via Apache?
 LinOTP can be run within a webserver - here Apache - or via another method.
 .
 It is recommended to run LinOTP via the Apache webserver.
 This means that a SSL virtual host is activated and the mod_wsgi is loaded.
 You might then want to modify /etc/apache2/sites-available/linotp to suit your needs
 as far as authentication is concerned.
 .
 Note that if you choose to enable this option, you will not be able to configure
 LinOTP with a SQLite database.

Template: linotp/apache/admin_password
Type: password
_Description: Password for LinOTP 'admin' account:
 LinOTP runs within the apache webserver. For authentication there is a user 'admin'.
 Here you may specify his password.
 If you want to do more detailed authentication or maybe do authentication
 with client certificates, you need to edit the apache configuration manually.

Template: linotp/apache/ssl_create
Type: boolean
Default: true
_Description: Do you want to create a self signed certificate?
 When LinOTP runs within Apache, you should talk to the server via HTTPS on port 443.
 So you need a certificate for the server, which can be created now.
 .
 If you need to run Apache with HTTPS on another port, you will need to configure Apache
 manually.

Template: linotp/database/fix_encoding
Type: boolean
Default: true
_Description: Do you want to fix the utf8 database encoding? 
 It looks like the LinOTP database needs an encoding fix. This
 can be done as part of the upgrade, or you can manually apply it later.
 .
 The MySQL database driver defaults in LinOTP 2 resulted in non ASCII characters
 being written to the database in an encoded form. If your database contains such
 entries, these will need to be converted into UTF-8 to be readable in LinOTP 3.
 .
 If the mapping is not applied to the configuration entries and token configuration,
 data such as accents or special characters will not appear to be correct.
 .
 If you wish to make the changes later, answer no here and then run the command
 "linotp admin fix-encoding"
